another wave of air strikes carried out
by Israeli war planes on Gaza City this
time on alala
Street a short while ago a residential
building on this road was hit dust and
smoke is still
Rising the building was reduced Rubble
we will try to get closer to document
the scale of damage as we speak the
Israeli warplanes and drones are still
hovering above our heads
I'm trying to reach the building that
was targeted by the Israeli war planes
the scale of damage is massive dozens of
people were killed dozens more were
injured we trying to get closer to the
targeted Residential Building as you can
see here is one of the victims killed as
a result of the air strikes a young
girl residents and neighbors are using
their bare hands to try and pull out the
victims from under the rubble they have
managed to recover one
victim the no medical assistance or
civil defense teams as the entire area
surrounding alifa hospital has been
besieged by the Israeli occupation
forces no ambulance or rescue teams are
able to reach this
area as we were filming another wave of
air strike started shapel is falling on
our heads another residential building
was
targeted there has been no end to
Israeli air strike since Monday morning
one wave after another they are Target
residential buildings across all of Gaza
City as you can see the victims are
mostly women and children they have
crawled their way out from underneath
the rubble bikes are their only
transport out of the destroyed
area for God's sake I have nowhere to go
all my family were killed I have nowhere
to go for God's
sake where to go where to go thank God
thank you God thank you now and then
Israel's air strikes have not stopped
since Monday morning Israeli war planes
have targeted a number of residential
buildings no medical help can reach the
scene as the Israeli occupation forces
have been laying Siege to the entire
area surrounding the alifa medical
complex they have now stored the
hospital and detained the medical staff
inside make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer